lwa Rashid alhat is the qari Minister of
State for international cooperation and
she spoke to Al jazer from inside Gaza
about the Diplomatic and humanitarian
roles that Qatar is playing
there we are all pushing towards
increasing the quantity of humanitarian
Aid to deliver equally we hope our
efforts aiming at extending the
humanitarian truce will be successful
this will enable all parties to deliver
more relief
Aid there are number of paths being
followed including the Diplomatic one to
this end there are efforts being made
and talks being held in attempt to have
the truce extended parallel to that
there are discussions in terms of
logistics and coordination with the
stakeholders be it the UN or the
Egyptian authorities in relation to the
Rafa border
crossing the role played by the state of
Qatar branches in many directions as I
said the Diplomatic negotiation path and
the humanitarian relief one Speaking of
the latter Qatar has started dispatching
relief AIDS since October the 16th until
this day Qatar is willing to deliver
more humanitarian aid but there are many
logistical obstacles including the daily
sealing put to the quantity of Aid to
enter into the Gaza Strip there is no
point dispatching relief Aid to be left
in storage without being delivered
especially the medical supplies which
require certain protocols and
temperature for handling I regret to say
that the waiting window May extend over
two weeks and these items May perish the
key message here is that the state of
Qatar along with other friendly and
brotherly States reiterate that they are
prepared to deliver any quantities of
humanitarian aid but the ceiling in
place renders the process less effective
and more difficult we are doing all what
we can together with the Egyptians
constantly and rapidly to ensure the
Swift Delivery of Aid in the desired
quantities however we are faced with
many obstacles I named only some you